He was
a preacher, my dad.
Mom was a gardener.
My baby sister, the dreamer.
We were a family.
Driving with a carload of books
through towns that
lost their name.
That car was our life back then.
It started with headaches.
Neighborhoods
disappeared
overnight.
People ran as if you
could run from the sky.
When the nights froze over,
our parents kept us
safe in that car.
Taught us who we
were supposed to be.
Is it plugged in?
Daddy said
"beware of false prophets
that come to you in
sheep's clothing."
Security
breach, gate 14.
Did you see what
he looked like?
May I see your weapon?
Is this what he wants?
Protocol.
Go get 'em, boys.
We need to get
you in the ground.
You said never again.
It's just protection.
Hey.
You're not like them and
you bring that gun here.
Scavengers on the road.
They're just people.
Like you and me.
I had that dream again.
At the ocean.
Over and over.
Don't leave me.
I don't wanna lose you
back to that world.
You're never gonna lose me.
How dare you!
It's him.
He's traveling with an
illegal mutt, mixed race.
They stole five
gallons and a handgun.
Bring him to him.
The girl?
Cute.
What are the numbers for today?
1.6 terawatts, core is stable.
I want it doubled
by next week.
Your salt bath will
be ready in 20 minutes.
It's just a tremor.
Careful.
Daddy long legs?
Aren't they...
Extinct.
Do not neglect to show
hospitality to strangers.
Some have entertained
angels unawares.
Love is patient!
Love is kind!
It does not envy!
It does not boast!
It is proud!
It is not proud!
He himself will be saved!
That your bodies are
temples of the holy spirit!
Who is it, you,
whom you have received from God.
You!
He himself will be saved.
Only as one escaping
through the flames.
Corinthians 3:15.
Have you heard
the word of God?
I've read it.
Where you goin'?
I'm an onlookin' man.
My travel snapped.
You're the only
humans I've seen.
For a trade, I can fix it.
Hm?
Oh!
Wine from the south.
Wine from the south!
Okay, think, think. Where is it?
Oh, where did I put it? Um,
okay, I think it's here.
Ah, no, it's in this
other one over here.
Don't go away.
Here it is.
I don't judge.
The Lord don't judge,
if you're a Christian,
Muslim or Jew.
I'm a sinner.
What about lady here?
Is she a sinner too?
Saint.
Why are you going north?
Water.
You got a map?
I got a feeling.
Bad luck carrying a weapon.
Nothing good come from it.
Goodnight.
Don't cut
yourself.
Are
we gonna be okay?
Yeah.
Once we get past the
city, we'll be safe.
Even in our sleep, pain,
which cannot forget,
falls drop by drop
upon the heart.
Until, in our own despair,
against our will comes wisdom
through the awful grace of God.
Come
to sleep, baby.
I can't.
Let's go.
Who are you with?
He's a child!
I'm sorry.
How old are you?
14.
Well,
where's your family?
Love is patient.
Love is kind.
It's too risky.
She's got no one.
Very good!
I have hunger.
So good!
Let's try "we have hunger."
Very good, you are on a
roll.
The Spanish word...
Feel good?
We ready?
Boots on the ground
on one of them.
The boys will be
happy to have him back.
He's awake!
Mister!
No, you were not authorized
to drop a smoke bomb.
- Visibility is at 30%.
- She was in the way!
I decided to grab her first.
- She was-
- You decided!
Grab the girl.
We'll get him.
Like the eyes of my papa.
Open it!
It can't see.
Me and the boys missed you.
What did you do?
I tried to kill him.
You may get your revenge.
But not without a price.
This is my home.
I'm staying here.
Chinese evergreen elm.
They stay green all year.
Dead now.
It's still useful.
You can't be on
the fence in life.
Or in killing.
You gotta own it.
Imagine that.
Once a captain.
Now look at you.
You're
never gonna lose me.
It's a surprise! Patience
is the mother of invention.
- Good fortune.
Charlie, don't be a fuckin'
idiot! This is the plan!
What, what, what's the date?
One week from the day, sir.
One week from today, Charlie.
Now get your shit together.
Riley?
How long we been here?
Too long.
We left the food.
What's
gonna happen to her?
She'll be okay.
It's me they want.
Where are we going?
Back.
The one you killed, you knew?
He has a witch.
I know.
He is a monster.
Mom said nature
will return, but not us.
The only humans left would
be the mystics of the canyon.
We've got the girl, but
the man is still alive.
Burn him.
Do you know where you are?
Nod. Yes or no.
Do it now.
You're on private property.
One of the last of its kind.
Your friend,
used to be my friend.
Did you know that?
He's not like you.
He used to work for me.
And now he's free.
Have you ever
seen one of these?
Should've taken the main road.
She's
beautiful, I must say.
Lover boy's
alive, coming this way.
We can't locate him on the
map, so he must have a shield.
I think he's coming
to rescue her.
Good.
Send another drone immediately.
Already taken care of.
One tracker made the
trip just this morning.
Make sure.
Her skin, it's unlike
anything I've ever seen.
Riley?
She's fertile.
Mister.
Let's go.
What happened to
your hand, mister?
Someone
always profits
off the fear in people's hearts.
What have you done?
Scavenger.
How dare you!
A thief!
A scavenger.
What have you done?
Who do
you think you are?
I can smell it.
The gas pumping
through these walls.
Who'd have thought
we'd find so much more?
There's always more.
What are the numbers?
34 terawatts.
Mm!
You have
a meeting, Riley.
I gotta go.
I've got a special
upload for you.
Goodnight, mister.
What have you done?
Katie said
nothing could kill us.
We were meant for so much more.
"Ah!"
Ah.
Francisco Flores.
Congratulations,
you've been selected.
How about a song?
Not
gonna sing anymore.
When we get there...
You see her...
You run.
You run for your life.
I'll kill her.
She changed my pa.
My pa drove our
car off the road.
It was me,
my little sister, Katie,
my mom.
We'd wake up to this sound.
Like a train comin'.
The rumble strip.
Rumble.
Four grooves carved in cement.
To keep you awake,
Daddy died.
Everybody died.
I don't know what
they done to me.
I've gotta find her.
She's my....
Rumble strip.
The tremors
are increasing.
Charlie will want
an explanation.
Numbers?
15 terawatts
just this morning.
I want more.
Where will I sit at the party?
Can I sit next to you?
The table is for
shareholders, Carmen.
You know I'm all yours.
Right, Riley?
I know, baby.
You're my girl.
Can we rest?
Just keep going.
Mister!
Mister.
Defector
2285 has been terminated.
Yeah, Charlie.
Jacob is getting anxious.
How the fuck do I calm him
down when I'm in the dark?
It is double what we agreed on.
In two days,
this will be done.
You understand the position
you're putting me in?
Trust me, in two
days you're gonna sign
the sweetest deal of your life.
I don't trust shit.
The only reason I'm in
this is because Jacob said
it was gonna be easy money.
There's nothin' easy about you.
I'll see you in two days.
If I ain't happy,
nobody's gonna be happy.
And you want me happy.
Look in the furnace.
You can eat what you
want, but not the fish.
Only we can eat it.
It's poisoned.
You escape the fort?
On our way.
Well, you must hate living.
He needs knowing hand,
to cut the poison,
or else he'll die.
Felicia will look.
In return...
What?
The weapon.
Thirsty, huh?
We've been drinking
the runoff all summer.
There's plenty if you
can risk the RCAs.
RC?
Robot controlled aircraft.
Death from above.
Somewhere, vigilantes
sitting in their board rooms,
wearing silicon dining-it style.
Somewhere.
Found it.
I say fuck 'em all.
We're on our own.
He's lucky it was poison.
We cannot heal an altered brain.
Stay.
You're not ready to stand.
Where's the gun?
We have it safe.
We?
This is San Juan.
Or Sacramento.
Don't really know anymore.
North.
We're the mystics of the canyon.
The girl.
She's safe.
"Sky at different
times of the night."
Rest now.
She'll be very useful.
You're sick.
That's why you like me.
Can you give me a child?
Have you ever seen
a woman fertile?
The center of the
Earth is hollow.
47 terawatts extracted.
I broke the laws
of physics for you.
Can she do that?
Carmen.
This is the future.
She's our secret,
no one will know.
Don't you want
a future with me?
You're my girl.
Go get ready.
Breathe deep.
Before.
I was just a boy.
Scavenging.
Riley found me.
Trained me to be a soldier.
He had a scientist
develop mind control.
I watched masses of people.
- Their souls broken.
- Help us.
Help us!
Until I
couldn't take anymore.
- Scavenger.
- What have you done?
Don't judge me!
- Don't!
- What have you done?
- Help us.
Scavenger.
- Help!
- What have you done?
Should
I have stayed?
Help us!
Help us.
What're you staring at?
Scavenger.
What've you done?
- Scavenger.
- What have you done?
- Help us.
- Help us!
- He's staring.
- What're you staring at?
What are
you staring at?
- What did you do?
- What're you staring at?
- I'm sorry.
- Staring at me.
Staring at me.
Please forgive me.
Please forgive me, I'm sorry.
Scavenger.
What have you done?
What're
you staring at?
Scavenger.
And now?
I have
to get somebody.
The girl?
You'll reach the
sands by nightfall.
Thank you.
You have a warrior's spirit.
- I
- looked and behold.
A pale horse.
The rider's name was death.
And hell followed with him.
Compute?
Yes, Riley?
Progress.
Hard drive online.
Six terabytes of
empty space available.
Guests are arriving.
I'll be there in a moment.
Upload complete.
Can you hear me?
I've got some very
big plans for you.
You're gonna be my girl.
Defector 2285 with unknown
entering the premises.
Terminate
at all costs.
Breach.
Intruder in the east hallway.
Copy.
Come on.
Six months.
Time flies with no competition.
SPHERECorp is
strong, my friends.
Prisons making record profits.
We've successfully privatized
the last source of
natural running water.
With your finance and resources,
I've had a major
breakthrough in my research.
I've extracted a
full 47 terawatts
of molten energy from the core.
What's the deal?
Take a look at these.
Please.
Hey!
It's self-sustaining?
For all time.
Who gave you the
authority to dig so deep?
Me.
Is this safe?
I've actually
replaced the core
with something
far more suitable.
The sweetest deal of my life.
We all get 5%, you get the rest?
Yeah.
47 terawatts is an
enormous amount of capital.
Jacob and I gave you the
power to make this happen.
Gentlemen.
You won't have enough room
for the extra zeros
on your ledgers.
I'm intrigued.
Why should we keep
our investment with you?
You've blown every deadline.
I want more.
You think I'm gonna
wipe your ass for 5%?
I don't work for you.
Jacob and I are out.
You take the core, kiss my ass.
Where can you go without water?
I have options.
You!
That's one point
added to every man.
You have a choice.
Hey, stop!
We're all in.
Yeah.
Excellent.
It's just a tremor.
Come
here.
Meeting's over.
This your new girl, huh?
She's my future.
Carmen, don't!
My
future.
Don't leave me.
Daddy said "the
meek shall inherit the Earth."
This is all mine, Dad.